All right Guy.
So here we are on Largest number and what we're trying to do here is take in a single digit and here
saying and we want to print out the largest number that can come out.
So if it's two it's going to be ninety nine if it's three is going to be nine hundred ninety nine for
nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine.
The largest digit number based off of and that's really it at the end of the day for example here are
for the hints I use concat and parce And let's get started.
All right so the way that I solved this was pretty straightforward.
I created what I called the word it's just going to be a string.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to iterate through
through the array for the length of then and then I'm just going to concat in a I'm going to concatenate
a 9 on there and then from there all I'm going to do is go ahead and parse the ant at the answer and
say word is equal to Word doc Concat.
You don't have to use concat I just am trying to introduce methods to get you guys comfortable with
it.
We could do.
Plus equals what string says with this string nine as well.
And then at the end here all we want to do is return word parsing of word because it needs to come back
as a integer.
That was our requirement here and I believe I forgot to turn on.
But you'll see here that we get our '99 if we change this to 3 9 9 9.
All that sort of stuff.
But really at the end of the day that's what we're doing here is we're just concatenating Neyens on.
And now that I think about it I think there is a just say word
saurian say.
TR repeat see isn't there a repeat Yeah.
Repeat and repeat.
Nine comma end times that it.
Sorry I spent six when our units were to repeat DO.
Again I thought no I don't use it ever.
As you can tell I thought there was a string repeat.
And you can tell I'm kind of doing this on the spot here.
Oh OK.
When I repeat 9 times that's what it is.
Excellent.
And we're going to search the N word parsed out word here.
That's another way we can solve atomizer fact that is a much better way of solving it.
So we'll do that and I'll go ahead and leave it there.
We can parse that from there and just read it.
We can change at any cost and we're done.